okay now what I'm going to do is I'm going
to remove the tenderloin from this vertebrae
so we're going to take my knife and I'm going
to run the face of the tip of my knife along
the top part of this vertebrae
and I'm going to be putting pressure
onto the bone and allow that bone to
guide my knife all the way through
once i've made it this far in a lot of because
this is such a tender region of the animal
i can really just use my fingers to
separate out the rest of this tenderloin
and that's just how naturally
tender this particular region
is there is a lot of connective tissue holding it
all together so there is our tenderloin on
the side here we have a chain and I'm going to
remove out that chain and
take off some of this membrane
now just do it tidy up some of this elastin
this region that is tapering so much this
is often referred to as the filet mignon
and a big chunk of the tournedo was removed when
i cut that one quarter house so I only have about
another one or two pieces of porterhouse
left on this section of the tenderloin